Inv = Investigator
PU = Any permited user (ex)

1. Inv requests renewal for a proposal using it's protocol number
 ---- this part is done, so check if there is any error in it and try to fix them

2. PU view list of renewal requests (each object in the list has 3 options, 1. View Detail, 2.Send correction comment 3. Accept  4. Reject)

    2.1 View Detail of a requests
    2.2 Send correction comment: accept the comment and send a notification to z Investigator with the description of the 
        notification = comment sent from the staff (status = pending)
    2.3 Accept: accept a renewal request ( status = accept, notification to the inv)
    2.4 Reject: If click on Reject, pop up a modal to submit rejection comment (status = Rejected, notification to the inv)

3. PU view accepted renewals ( 1. can view detail, 2. can approve, 3. can Reject )
    3.1. same as 2.1
    3.2. Approve: approve a renewal requests (status = Approved, notification to the inv) , save obj to RenewalApproval model
    3.3. Reject: same as 2.3, save obj to RenewalRejection model

______ for Investigators 
1. can view list of my renewals:
    action 1. view detail 
    action 2 (for status = pending only). Update Renewal Request. 
  
2. can view detail of each renewal request 
    - if the renewal has comments, show them in the detail page
    - if the reneal is in pending status, he can update it

3. Update Page:

  1. inv creates a renewal request (status = pending, notification to PU)
  2. Pu view list of request 
     Pu view detail of a renewal request
  3. PU send correction comment (status is still pending, notification to Investigator)

  4. inv view list of my renewals, 
  5. inv view detail of a renewal (if there are any comments from the irb, view those comments)
  6. inv can update a renewal (notification to PU)
  
  7. PU view detail of a renewal , if there is no other correction comments, accept (status = OnReview, notification to inv)
  8. PU Approve the request (status = Approve, fill approval form)








